Think of a way
Tomorrow morning
Chen Yuanxiao will perform the treasury deficit ceremony
I can't run away
I advised you to be careful, but you didn't listen
Now I want Tianzhu to wipe your butt again
First Prince
Don't you owe us Tianzhu enough?
adult
As long as my eldest prince can ascend the throne
I am willing to give you ten cities
A big surname
Don't go back
Okay, you can go back first
We have our own arrangements
Meet the father
Get up, 13.
Uncle pennant
I'll make a long story short
Are you going to be smart tomorrow?
The Kuomintang and the Communist Party are in deficit 100,000 two things are not panicked
How do you know me?
I hope you don't try